# 15. IDS Policy

In order to preserve the integrity of data that Bind stores, processes, or transmits for Customers, Bind implements strong intrusion detection tools and policies to proactively track and retroactively investigate unauthorized access. Bind currently utilizes [Threat Stack](https://www.threatstack.com/) to track file system integrity, monitor AWS configuration, perform daily vulnerability scanning, monitor access, and detect rootkit access.  As well, application, OS, Docker, and AWS ECS logs are monitored using the [Sumo Logic](https://www.sumologic.com/) log aggregation, metrics, and analytics platform

## 15.1 Applicable Standards

### 15.1.1 Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 09.ab - Monitoring System Use
* 06.e - Prevention of Misuse of Information
* 10.h - Control of Operational Software

### 15.1.2 Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.312(b) - Audit Controls

## 15.2 Intrusion Detection Policy

1. Sumo Logic is used to monitor and correlate log data from different systems on an ongoing basis. Dashboards and alert events generated by Sumo Logic are reviewed by the Security Officer on a weekly basis. TODO: build first dashboard, alert
2. Threat Stack & Sumo Logic generate alerts to analyze and investigate suspicious activity or suspected violations.
3. Threat Stack monitors file system integrity and sends real time alerts when suspicious changes are made to the file system.
4. Automatic monitoring is done to identify patterns that might signify the lack of availability of certain services and systems (DoS attacks).
5. Bind firewalls monitor all incoming traffic to detect potential denial of service attacks. Suspected attack sources are blocked automatically. Additionally, our hosting provider actively monitors its network to detect denial of services attacks.
6. All new firewall rules and configuration changes are tested before being pushed into production. All firewall and router rules are reviewed every quarter.
7. Bind utilizes redundant firewall on network perimeters.
